[narrator] It is said
that every several hundred years,
the goddess Athena
is reincarnated.
And now a new Athena
has been born into this world,
but, this time,
under a dark prophecy
that she will lead
mankind to ruin.
The warriors who protected
the goddess Athena
were known as Knights.
Today, a new generation
of Knights
control the fate of the world.
They are called
the Knights of the Zodiac.
[rock music playing]
[narrator]
Previously on Saint Seiya...
Phoenix Rising!
[yells]
[screams]
I'm not leaving without Nero!
Go, Shaun. Leave.
[rumbling]
I suppose
we need to find the bodies
as proof to Sanctuary
that the Bronze Knights are dead.
Even in death, you can't hide
from Silver Knight Misty!
They're not here.
Didn't you see
those rays of light
coming out from the volcano?
That's impossible.
Mere Bronze Knights don't
possess that kind of power.
[gasps] Unless they had help.
I'll send
the other Silver Knights
to help track them down.
Do what you have to do.
[vehicle approaching]
[Mylock]
We'll be there soon, my lady.
It was lucky for us
that Mr. Kido built
so many safe houses.
My grandfather
was an intelligent man.
He knew that a day like this
would come someday.
Mylock, I'm worried.
We haven't heard any word
from the Bronze Knights.
I'm sure they'll contact us
as soon as they find
the Gold Armor.
Until then, you should enjoy
this moment of calm.
I just hope it isn't
the calm before the storm.
[murmuring]
[gasps]
Am I dead?
Oh, no! I'm dead!
I must have been killed
inside the volcano.
Huh.
Okay, maybe I'm not dead.
I have no idea what's happening,
which is bad,
but I'm not dead,
which is good. Huh?
Where am I?
How did I get here?
Did I just dream
the whole thing?
[boy] Ah, you're so boring!
Boy, Seiya,
you're not very bright, are you?
[stammers] Who are you?
Questions, questions,
so many questions.
I am Kiki, always have been,
always will be.
The last thing I remember
was the volcano
collapsing down around us.
How did I wind up here?
You were rescued.
Otherwise, you'd be dead.
Who rescued me?
Why, Master Mu, of course!
Who's Master Mu?
The one who rescued you.
I just told you.
But the whole volcano
was collapsing in on us!
There's no way out!
How could one man possibly--
Master Mu's power is legendary.
[rumbling]
You and your friends
were going to die.
Then Master Mu appeared
in all his glory.
He rescued everyone,
even the Black Knights.
You were brought
to this remote beach,
and Master Mu took the other
Bronze Knights somewhere else.
So my friends are okay?
I can't believe we all
made it out of there alive.
Except Phoenix Nero, of course.
Wait. What?
He's dead.
How? I thought
everyone was rescued!
[Kiki] He tried,
but Nero stayed behind
to allow Master Mu
to rescue you and Shaun first.
In doing so, he chose
to accept his own death.
Nero's gone. He lost his life
at the point when he'd
just rediscovered his humanity.
[gasps] I went into that volcano
to bring back the Gold Armor!
Do you know
what happened to it?!
I'm sure the Gold Armor
is somewhere safe.
If you know where it is,
then we have to go get it.
Where is it?
It's...
[Seiya gasps]
What was that?
Kiki?
Kiki!
[gasps]
Marin?
Marin, what are you doing here?
I have so much to tell you.
I finally understand
why you sent me to meet--
[gasps]
At last I've found you.
So is this the man? [chuckles]
Not much to look at, is he?
Marin, who the hell is this guy?
This guy is Lizard Misty,
a Silver Knight,
who ranks much higher
than a Bronze Knight like you.
I don't understand.
But I thought you were--
[grunts]
For once, you should
shut your mouth, Seiya,
Or else I'll shut it
for you permanently.
What's gotten into you, Marin?
[laughs]
Sucker punching
your old student.
I didn't think
you had it in you.
But this one is mine.
Then he's all yours.
[groaning]
[winces]
Such powerful Cosmo
with only one finger.
A Silver Knight
is a totally different level.
You can't even handle
my weakest attack.
How could you
have possibly escaped
when I destroyed the volcano?
Killing you
is a waste of effort.
[growls]
But Sanctuary has made it clear.
You and your
Bronze Knight friends must die.
So the rumor is true.
Sanctuary wants me dead!
There's no shame in dying
at the hands of Misty,
the gorgeous assassin.
Better to accept your fate.
Make this quick, Misty.
Marin.
[Misty] Not only are you
going to die, Seiya,
but your friends are
being hunted down as we speak.
Looks like it's a bad day to be
a Bronze Knight. [chuckles]
Shut your mouth!
See how easily
I can outmaneuver you?
And I make it look good.
I make everything look good.
[grunts]
Seiya's no match
for a Silver Knight!
I can see that, Kiki.
[sighs] I can't
just stand by and do nothing.
I have to help him.
[Dohko] Master Mu.
[gasps] Master Dohko?!
[Dohko] You are too young,
too eager to take action.
You must wait
until the time is right.
[Mu] But if we don't act,
Seiya will be...
Patience, Master Mu.
[Mu sighs]
[Ailios] Let the boy
choose his own destiny.
[Mu] Well understood,
Master Dohko.
So we're not going to help?
[grunts]
We're not supposed
to interfere, Kiki.
We must have faith that Seiya
will figure it out himself.
[groans]
[laughs]
[growls]
[Seiya yells]
[groans]
Your death is going
to be quick, but painful.
- [groans]
- Very painful.
Hah! I'm a Silver Knight.
You're nothing
but a Bronze Knight.
You don't stand a chance.
Oh, yeah?
Well, that's what you think!
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
-What?
-[gasps]
My punches
have no effect on him.
Is that all you've got?
[growls]
[Marin] Enough of this, Misty.
Now you're going
to interfere, Marin?
Just couldn't stand to see
your former student
get killed, could you?
Marin?
[Marin] You're out
of your league, Seiya.
[gasps] Marin...
why?
[groans]
She killed him!
Marin killed Seiya!
Master Mu, we have to leave
before more
Silver Knights arrive.
Master Dohko was right.
I'm too young.
What? Master Mu,
what did you mean by that?
[Mu sighs]
Nothing. We're fine.
We're not leaving yet.
Surprising how you could kill
your former apprentice
in cold blood
without a hint of remorse.
-[whoosh]
-Huh?
[gasps] What the...
Whale Morris.
Failing to finish
your enemies, Misty?
That's not like you.
[Misty] Hound Asterion.
You might have been in trouble
if we hadn't
cleaned up your mess.
[Morris] We hunted them down,
just as you ordered, Marin,
three Bronze Knights.
You can count them for yourself.
No need to thank us
and tell us we did a great job.
I can read it in your mind.
I thought there was one more
Bronze Knight in the cave.
There were only four lights
shooting out from the volcano,
which means the missing one
is dead under the ground.
[Misty] Pegasus Seiya,
Dragon Long,
Andromeda Shaun,
and Cygnus Magnus,
for engaging in personal battles
and for violating
the rules of Sanctuary,
you have been stripped
of your Knighthoods and buried here.
Our mission's complete.
Let's get out of here.
Hey, Marin, four dead Bronzes.
We drink tonight!
[Misty] Wait.
Marin and I aren't done yet.
We're thirsty now, so you two do
what you have to do, then catch up.
I said wait!
[Morris] Hmph.
Weird. Never thought Misty
would have feelings for Marin.
The only person
Misty has feelings for is Misty.
I sense something else
is going on there.
I would say I couldn't have done
any better myself,
but we both know
that wouldn't be true.
What are you getting at, Misty?
[Misty] Seiya really is dead.
I guess I was wrong.
[gasps]
Do you think I'm a fool, Marin?
You can't trick me!
[gasping]
Creating a glamour illusion
to make it appear you killed Seiya,
then burying him to hide the truth.
A lesser Knight
would have been fooled,
but I am not a lesser Knight.
Your treachery has failed.
I'll make sure
Seiya is truly dead
when I rip him apart limb from limb.
But first, Marin,
I'm going to kill you.
Mavrou Trippa!
[groans]
For defying the orders of Sanctuary
and betraying your own,
now you die.
[Seiya] I don't think so.
[panting]
Marin's illusion was good,
not good enough to trick me.
You couldn't beat me before,
so how do you think
a Bronze Knight
could ever defeat a Silver Knight,
let alone without their Armor?
I can defeat you without it!
You're a fool.
The only fool is the one
you see in the mirror!
This time, you die for real.
[groans]
That looked like it hurt.
Of course,
I wouldn't know myself.
I don't know what pain is,
since no opponent's fists
have ever touched me.
Then, I get to be the first!
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
Fool! Did you really think
you could even come close to me
without your Armor?
How in the world
can Seiya beat Misty?!
I can be merciful.
I'll give you ten seconds
to say your prayers.
Now don't you worry.
I'll kill Marin
after I kill you.
One, two, three,
-four, five...
-Without my armor,
I don't stand a chance
against a Silver Knight.
eight, nine, ten.
This will finish you!
Mavrou Trippa!
[groans]
[chuckles]
How hideous.
Being imperfect is just ugly.
Look at you, Misty,
so beautiful,
so perfect it's scary.
The moon, the stars,
even that rising sun
doesn't look as beautiful as me.
-[footsteps shuffling]
-[Misty groans]
[panting]
Pathetic.
You look like you could--
Huh?
[grunts]
Such a primitive, dirty attack
is beneath even a Bronze Knight.
You're a disgrace.
No, I'm just smart.
Eh?
[growls]
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
Is this feeble attack
all you have?
You've learned nothing from--
[grunts]
[gasps] Wh-What is this?
That's pain, Misty.
You dared to hit me?
Wasn't that hard.
I read the waves of Cosmo,
which let me figure out
what you were going to do next.
Now it's a fight.
Why put yourself
through more pain?
You'd have to produce
a miracle to beat me.
Then I'll produce a miracle.
Fool, it's not that easy.
Strength and skill win battles.
Then, how about this?!
[yells]
[grunting]
This is not Ryu-Sei-Ken.
[screams]
He did it! Seiya did it!
Seiya focused the power
of his meteor punches into one,
like a comet
with a hundred times more force.
[panting]
I'm impressed.
No one has ever
knocked me back before.
But you'll have to be
satisfied with that,
because you can't beat me!
Mavrou Trippa!
[grunting]
What? Seiya's trying to repel
the Mavrou Trippa with his hands?
[grunting]
[Misty] Where did Seiya
get that kind of strength?
Does this mean that Seiya's Cosmo
is more powerful
than the other Bronze Knights?
Impossible!
[gasps]
-[gasps]
-I've got you!
There's no way out of this one!
Release me!
I told you
I'd come up with a miracle!
Pegasus Rolling Crush!
[Misty grunting]
Are both of them...
[gasps]
Seiya was right.
He was willing to die to win.
That has to be
why he defeated me.
[panting]
He won! Finally Seiya won!
All right! Seiya, you did it!
Whoo hoo hoo hoo!
I can't believe it! You did it, Seiya!
Eh? Master Mu, wait for me!
[Marin sighing]
[Seiya] Marin?
Are you okay?
Where is Misty?
He's enjoying a sweet dream
over there.
Marin, what was this all about?
I told you that you
had to find your own path.
Your destiny goes
through the Silver Knights.
And what about my friends?
Why did they all have to die?
Why couldn't you save them
with an illusion
like you did for me?
[gasps]
You did!
[sand shifting]
[gasps]
Where are they?
[ballad playing]